* Organization ([@frank-baier](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/frank-baier))
  * 1 Meeting per month
  * Duration: 1 hour per meeting
  * Community Executive Officer: [@RCBiczok](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/RCBiczok)
* Place for primary artifacts ([@frank-baier](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/frank-baier))
  > The goal of the Java Developer Community is to exchange, share, and standardize knowhow about Java, JavaEE, and other emerging Java technologies. We provide recommendation for solutions with proof of concept. We help each other in a community-driven manner. We promote upgrading the Java environment used within the Basler to the newest version
  * Minor Topics
    * ApplicationServer / Fuse runtime environment
  * Out of Scope
    * Other JVM languages (Gosu, Scala, ...)
    * Development tools (Jenkins et al.)
* Major Topics: ([@frank-baier](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/frank-baier))

What | Who
-----|-----
Own implementation of JSR303 validation | [@frank-baier](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/frank-baier)
Presentation of Java technologies for each team | All Team Members  
GitHub Feature Vorstellung, GIST? | [@culmat](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/culmat), [@MarkusTiede](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/MarkusTiede)
Template for code snippets | 
AsciiDoc Introduction | [@svene](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/svene)
Corellia architecture and design decisions, OpenAPI | [@frank-baier](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/frank-baier), [@StephanSST](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/StephanSST)
Presenting new Java versions and features | [@StephanSST](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/StephanSST)
Presenting new JBoss versions and features |
SOAP Service @ Baloise | [@frank-baier](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/frank-baier)
jBatch framework | [@RCBiczok](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/RCBiczok)
Streams / Lambdas utilization, debugging, ExceptionHandling, Counter |
Lombok, Eclipse Collections, Mapstruct | [@patrickhusi](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/patrickhusi) 
Implementing MDB for PDM | [@Ginious](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/ginious) 
CDI Events | [@frank-baier](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/frank-baier)
Vavr - lib f√ºr Functional Programming |
Java "Optional" class - when and how to use? |  
Localdate vs. Date  - best practices | [@arburk](https://github.com/orgs/baloise/people/arburk)
